c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\bin\Debug\CashierApp.exe.config
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\bin\Debug\CashierApp.exe
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\bin\Debug\CashierApp.pdb
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\CashierApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.baml
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.g.cs
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\CashierApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\CashierApp.g.resources
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\CashierApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\CashierApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\CashierApp.exe
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\CashierApp.pdb
c:\users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\bin\Debug\LocalPerpus.mdf
C:\Users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\bin\Debug\LocalPerpus_log.ldf
C:\Users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\CashierApp_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\Settings.baml
C:\Users\djaka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CashierApp\CashierApp\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
